Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

Answer 1:
-------
This approach is misleading because Gary Jhonson and Jill Stein have more friends 
put toghether while Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have fewer friends put toghether 
so the probability of friends overlapping for Gary Jhonson and Jill Stien is greater 
than Hillary CLinton and Donald Trump.

So to effectively fix this we need to take the ratio of the friends overlapping 
between the two candidates to the total number of friends combined for 
the two candidates , so the new measure would be as follows:

old measure = friends(candidate 1) intersection friends(candidate 2)

new measure = friends(candidate 1) intersection friends(candidate 2)
              ------------------------------------------------------
                 friends(candidate 1) + friends(candidate 2)

new friend_overlap(Jill Stein , Gary Johnson)     =     349      =   0.0479
                                                       -----
                                                     4156 + 3123

new friend_overlap(Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump) =      1       =   0.0013
                                                       -----
                                                      748 + 42 

Now with our new measure also we see that the ratio of overlap for (Jill Stien, Gary Jhonson) 
is still greater than (Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump)




2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

Answer 2:
---------

Magic Johnson is followed by Hillary Clinton because he is a supporter for Democrats 
and he threw a Fundraising Dinner Party for Hillary.

Magic Johnson is followed by Donald Trump because there were rumours that he would 
replace Donald Trump in the new season of the Celebrity Apprentice , which Donald Trump was a part off.




3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

Answer 3:
---------

This can be due to the fact that Gary Johnson might be a more active user than Donald Trump when it comes to twitter,
so this could affect our analysis since the data gathered for Donald Trump might be too less since he isn't a very 
active user hence due to the lack of data we might assume or predict the wrong facts about Donald Trump since we 
actually have incomplete data for Donald Trump. 



4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

Answer 4:
---------

Donald Trump has 42 friends , so we need to hit 42 search queries so get the total followers of his friends

The twitter rate limiting window says it lets you make 15 requests per window session after which there 
is a 15 min interval for the next window.

So 42/15 we need aprroximately 3 window sessions to gather all the data , so it would take approximately 
30 minutes for us to collect all this data.

